Sor10874/readmes/36 40 (#727)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/map-load-status/README.md

# Map load status

Determine the map's load status which can be: `NOT_LOADED`, `FAILED_TO_LOAD`, `LOADING`, `LOADED`.

![Image of Map load status](map-load-status.png)

## How to use the sample

> Click on the button to reload the ArcGISMap. The load status of the ArcGISMap will be displayed on screen.

Reviewer: let's make this just a little more explicit 
```suggestion
Tap on the refresh button in the top right of the screen to reload the ArcGISMap. The load status of the ArcGISMap will be displayed on screen.
```

## How it works

The `LoadStatus` is `LOADED` when any of the following criteria are met:

* The map has a valid spatial reference.
* The map has an an initial viewpoint.
* One of the map's predefined layers has been created.

## Relevant API

* ArcGISMap

> * LoadStatusChangedListener/LoadStatusChanged signal

Reviewer 2: This seems like a strange line?

Author: yes.
